Feat: Rest of insomnia (#1237)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/requests.md

{:.info}
> These options are only available for HTTP and event stream requests.

{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Option
    key: option
  - title: Description
    key: description
rows:
  - option: Generate Client Code
    description: "Generate code based on your request. You can choose from a variety of languages."
  - option: Send After Delay
    description: "Send the request after the specified amount of time."
  - option: Repeat On Interval
    description: "Send the request on a loop with a specific interval. The loop needs to be stopped manually by clicking **Cancel**."
{% endtable %}

## WebSocket support in Insomnia

Insomnia supports WebSocket requests alongside REST, GraphQL, and gRPC, allowing bi-directional data flow over a persistent connection. You can configure authentication, headers, and message formats using the request interface.

WebSocket messages can be sent in JSON or raw formats, and received messages appear in the Events panel. Detailed previews are available for both sent and received messages.

## Environment variables and limitations

> Insomnia 2022.6 adds support for environment variables and Nunjucks template tags in WebSocket URLs and message bodies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insomnia 2022.6 adds support for [environment variables](/insomnia/environment-variables/) and Nunjucks template tags in WebSocket URLs and message bodies.
```

Limitations include:

> 1. Custom WebSocket protocols are not supported.
> 2. Syncing WebSocket requests across different Insomnia versions (pre- and post-2022.6) may result in data loss. Ensure all devices are on version 2022.6 or later when using sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Custom WebSocket protocols aren't supported.
* Syncing WebSocket requests across different Insomnia versions (pre- and post-2022.6) may result in data loss. Ensure all devices are on version 2022.6 or later when using sync.
```
